docs: improve wording of using Markdown file paths (#6633)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/docs/docs-markdown-features.mdx

:::tip

> Using full file paths instead of relative links provide the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using relative _file_ paths (with `.md` extensions) instead of relative _URL_ links provide the following benefits:
```

> Using relative _file_ paths (with `.md` extensions) instead of relative _URL_ links provide the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using relative _file_ paths (with `.md` extensions) instead of relative _URL_ links provides the following benefits:
```
